Expected Wipro interview question by consultancy
1. Apache Error Logs
2. Error Handling
3. Exception Handling
4. Excel Sheet upload Function and Mail Function Logic
5. SQL Joins
1. What are php traits, and how do they differ from classes and interfaces
2. How would you handle errors and exceptions in Php
3. How to optimize performance of a php application
4. Explain the concept of ACID properties in database transactions
5. How does MySQL ensures transactional integrity
6. What is normalisation in database design
7. Difference between MyISAM and InnoDB
8. Explain event delegation in jQuery and why it's beneficial
9. How do you perform AJAX requests using jQuery, and what are the common methods for handling responses
10. How do you prevent jQuery code from running before the DOM is fully loaded

Interview Questions by Aspire Client Black Management
------------------------------------------------------
guards in laravel (Its an authentication)
policies in laravel
what is Model Query Scope
What is Observers in laravel
what is the usage of cross join in mysql
What is sleeping connections in mysql
What is concurrent connections in mysql
When we use cross joins.
what is Factory in laravel
What is DRY Principle
What is SOLID Principle
Stubbing
mysql server shows run out of memory error. that means memory exhausted. How will you tackle it.


select * from users as non_deleted
left join users as deleted_at on non_deleted.id = deleted_at .id and deleted_at .deleted = 1
where non_deleted.deleted = 0;
Transaction Management in SQL
BEGIN TRANSACTION: This command marks the beginning of a transaction. All subsequent SQL statements are treated as part of the same transaction until a COMMIT or ROLLBACK statement is issued.
COMMIT: The COMMIT statement finalizes a transaction, making all changes within the transaction permanent. If the transaction was successful, the changes are saved; otherwise, they are discarded.
ROLLBACK: The ROLLBACK statement cancels a transaction, undoing all changes made within it. This is typically used when an error occurs or when the transaction violates some condition.
SAVEPOINT: SAVEPOINT allows you to set points within a transaction to which you can later roll back. This is useful when you want to partially undo changes made within a transaction.